---
layout: post
title: 2020년 1월 3째주 면접 대비1 
date: 2020-01-14 16:28:00
author: "SeWonKim"
categories: [Interview]
tags: [jekyll, TIL, interview, 면접준비, JS]
fullview: false
comments: true
description: var와 let의 차이
---

# var와 let의 차이

변수 정의하는 것. let은 modern js에서 만들어졌다.

### 차이점1 - Hoisting

변수 사용 후 선언했을 때, 호이스팅(선언들을 맨 위로 끌어올리는 것)이 일어나서 다음과 같이 코드를 작성해도 문제 없이 돌아간다.

```javascript
myName = 'Chris';

function logName() {
  console.log(myName);
}

logName();

var myName;
```

let은 호이스팅이 적용되지 않기 때문에 변수 선언을 먼저하고 사용하게 만들어준다. 코드가 더 명확해진다!



### 차이점2 - 동일한 이름의 변수 선언

var는 같은 변수를 몇 번이고 재선언 할 수 있지만 let은 한 번만 선언할 수 있다.


---

## MDN 원문

[링크](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/First_steps/Variables#The_difference_between_var_and_let)

### The difference between var and let

At this point you may be thinking "why do we need two keywords for defining variables?? Why have var and let?".

The reasons are somewhat historical. Back when JavaScript was first created, there was only var. This works basically fine in most cases, but it has some issues in the way it works — its design can sometimes be confusing or downright annoying. So, let was created in modern versions of JavaScript, a new keyword for creating variables that works somewhat differently to var, fixing its issues in the process.

A couple of simple differences are explained below. We won't go into all the differences now, but you'll start to discover them as you learn more about JavaScript (if you really want to read about them now, feel free to check out our let reference page).

For a start, if you write a multiline JavaScript program that declares and initializes a variable, you can actually declare a variable with var after you initialize it and it will still work. For example:

```javascript
myName = 'Chris';

function logName() {
  console.log(myName);
}

logName();

var myName;
```

`Note: This won't work when typing individual lines into a JavaScript console, just when running multiple lines of JavaScript in a web document.`

This works because of hoisting — read var hoisting for more detail on the subject.

Hoisting no longer works with let. If we changed var to let in the above example, it would fail with an error. This is a good thing — declaring a variable after you initialize it results in confusing, harder to understand code.

Secondly, when you use var, you can declare the same variable as many times as you like, but with let you can't. The following would work:

```javascript
var myName = 'Chris';
var myName = 'Bob';
```
But the following would throw an error on the second line:

```javascript
let myName = 'Chris';
let myName = 'Bob';
```
You'd have to do this instead:

```javascript
let myName = 'Chris';
myName = 'Bob';
```
Again, this is a sensible language decision. There is no reason to redeclare variables — it just makes things more confusing.

For these reasons and more, we recommend that you use let as much as possible in your code, rather than var. There is no reason to use var, unless you need to support old versions of Internet Explorer with your code (it doesn't support let until version 11; the modern Windows Edge browser supports let just fine).
